IMPORTANT: BY USING LVG GAMES'S ("COMPANY" OR "WE") MOBILE APPLICATION  (THE "APP") YOU ("YOU") CONSENT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND CONSENT THAT ALL PII (DEFINED BELOW) THAT YOU SUBMIT OR THAT IS PROCESSED OR COLLECTED THROUGH OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE APP MAY BE PROCESSED BY THE COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES IN THE MANNER AND FOR THE PURPOSES DESCRIBED IN THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY.

“PII” MEANS ANY INFORMATION RELATING TO AN IDENTIFIED OR IDENTIFIABLE NATURAL PERSON; AN IDENTIFIABLE NATURAL PERSON IS ONE WHO CAN BE IDENTIFIED, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN PARTICULAR BY REFERENCE TO AN IDENTIFIER SUCH AS A NAME, AN IDENTIFICATION NUMBER, LOCATION DATA, AN ONLINE IDENTIFIER OR TO ONE OR MORE FACTORS SPECIFIC TO THE PHYSICAL, PHYSIOLOGICAL, GENETIC, MENTAL, ECONOMIC, CULTURAL OR SOCIAL IDENTITY OF THAT NATURAL PERSON.

YOU ARE NOT LEGALLY REQUIRED TO PROVIDE US WITH PII, HOWEVER, USE OF THE APP REQUIRES THAT YOU PROVIDE PII. IF YOU CHOOSE TO WITHHOLD ANY PII REQUIRED IN RESPECT THEREOF, IT WILL NOT BE POSSIBLE FOR YOU TO USE THE APP. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN PLEASE DO NOT USE THE APP.


We recognize that privacy is important. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at lvgrecords@gmail.com



Information We Collect and How We Use It. In order to provide, operate, and improve our App and provide services in connection therewith, we may collect and process PII, including the following types of information:

Information You Provide. For some features of the App, we collect your personal information, either from you if you open an account or from the third-party application store or social media network through which you subscribed to the App, including name, email address, your social network, or third party service provider user ID through which you accessed or subscribed to the App (e. g. Google Play ID, hereinafter, "App Platforms").

Third Parties. We sometimes supplement the PII with information that is received from third parties. If you access the App through any App Platforms or interact with any App Platforms or other social media plug-in in the App (such as a Facebook "Like" button) we may receive information from your respective social media or App Platforms account, including your account information, purchases, photo and any information defined as public pursuant to the policies of such App Platforms and/your settings in the respective App Platform.

User Communications. When you send emails or other communications to the Company, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests, and improve our App. We may send you to push notifications or emails to send you news and updates in respect of the App.

Aggregate and Analytical Data. In the effort to produce insights regarding the use of the App, we often conduct research on user demographics and behavior based on the PII and other information provided to us. This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and we may share this aggregate data with its affiliates, agents, and business partners. This aggregate information is not meant to identify you or your customers or employees personally. We may use such aggregate information for any purpose and also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.

User Information. When you use our App, we may automatically receive and record information from your device and browser, including your IP address, IDFA identifiers (for iOS devices), Identifier for Advertising (for iOS devices), and Google Advertiser IDs (for Android devices) (such identifiers are collected herein for the following purposes, among other things: frequency capping, attribution, conversion events, estimating the number of unique users, advertising fraud detection, and debugging) cookie information, search history, device ID, Android ID, your regional and language settings, the physical location of your device (if you have permitted your mobile or other location-aware devices to transmit location data), network status (WiFi/3G), and software and hardware attributes. We may use your location (city) (if you have permitted your mobile or other location-aware devices to transmit location data) to learn how to adjust and personalize your use of the App. Our systems may automatically record and store technical information regarding the method and nature of your use of the App, including without limitation which pages of the App our visitors view, what games they played, their score, game advancement, any actions in-game, virtual content gained and impressions.  An IP address is a numeric code that identifies your device on a network, or in this case, the Internet. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information. The Company uses all of the PII that we collect to understand the usage trends and preferences of our users. We also use aggregated data for monetization.

Cookies. In order to collect the data described herein, we may use temporary cookies that remain on your device for a limited period of time. We may also use persistent cookies that remain on your device until the Company's App is removed, in order to manage and maintain the App and record your use and advancement in the App, virtual goods, and content you may have gained access to. Cookies by themselves cannot be used to discover the identity of the user. A cookie is a small piece of information that is sent to and stored on your device. Cookies do not damage your device. Most browsers or devices may allow you to block cookies but you may not be able to use some features on the App if you block them. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie (this enables you to decide if you want to accept it or not). We may also use web beacons via the App to collect information. Web beacons or "gifs", are electronic images that may be used in our App or in our emails. We use Web beacons to deliver cookies, count visits and to tell if an email has been opened and acted upon. Some of the cookies and web beacons we use are provided by third parties, who collect personal information through those, which will be used for retargeting, statistics, and personalization.

Links. Links to other services, sites, and applications may be provided by the Company as a convenience to our users. The Company is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other sites and applications and you visit them at your own risk. This Privacy Policy applies solely to PII collected by us.

Minors. If you are a minor under the age of 16, you must obtain parental consent prior to using our App. The Company will not knowingly contact or engage with children under the age of 16 without said parental consent. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided us with their PII, please contact us at the address given above and we will endeavor to delete that PII from our databases.

Information Sharing. As part of providing the App or generating and processing analytics, our affiliates, agents, representatives, and third-party service providers may have access to your PII. We require these parties to process such information in compliance with this Privacy Policy and subject to security and other appropriate confidentiality safeguards.  The Company may also share PII in the following circumstances: (a) as required for providing the App; (b) for maintenance and improvement of the App; (c) if we become involved in a reorganization, merger, consolidation, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of our assets, with any type of entity, whether public, private, foreign or local; and/or (d) to satisfy applicable law or prevention of fraud or harm or to enforce applicable agreements and/or their terms, including investigation of potential violations thereof.

Information Security. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of PII. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your PII, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. We retain your PII only for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or to comply with any applicable legal or ethical reporting or document retention requirements.

Data Integrity. The Company processes PII only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Privacy Policy or any applicable service agreements. We review our data collection, storage, and processing practices to ensure that we only collect, store, and process the PII needed to provide or improve our App. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the PII we process is accurate, complete, and current, but we depend on our users to update or correct their PII whenever necessary. Nothing in this Privacy Policy is interpreted as an obligation to store information, and we may, at our own discretion, delete or avoid recording and storing any and all information.

Rights of Data Subjects.

Right of Access and Rectification. Data subjects have the right to know what PII we collect about them and to ensure that such data is accurate and relevant for the purposes for which we collected it. We allow data subjects the option to access and obtain a copy of their PII and to rectify such PII if it is not accurate, complete, or updated. However, we may first ask data subjects to provide us certain credentials to permit us to identify their PII.

Right to Delete PII or Restrict Processing. Data subjects have the right to delete their PII or restrict their processing. We may postpone or deny such requests if the PII is in current use for the purposes for which it was collected or for other legitimate purposes such as compliance with legal obligations.

Right to Withdraw Consent. Data subjects have the right to withdraw their consent to the processing of their PII. Exercising this right will not affect the lawfulness of processing the PII based on consent obtained before its withdrawal.

Right of Data Portability. Where technically feasible, data subjects have the right to ask to transfer their PII in accordance with their right to data portability, if required pursuant to applicable law.

Data subjects may exercise the above rights by sending a request to lvgrecords@gmail.com.

Right to Lodge Complaint. Data subjects also have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority regarding the processing of their PII.

Enforcement. The Company regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. Please feel free to direct any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or our treatment of PII by contacting us as provided above. When we receive formal written complaints it is the Company's policy to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns. We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of PII that cannot be resolved between the Company and an individual.

Changes to This Privacy Policy. The Company may update this Privacy Policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat PII by sending a notice to the email address provided by you or by placing a prominent notice on the App. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy for the latest information about our privacy practices.

Consent To Processing. By providing any PII to us pursuant to this Privacy Policy, all users, including, without limitation, users in the United States, Israel, and member states of the European Union, fully understand and unambiguously consent to this Privacy Policy and to the collection and processing of such PII abroad. The server on which the App is hosted and/or through which the App is processed may be outside the country from which you access the App and may be outside your country of residence. Some of the uses and disclosures mentioned in this Privacy Policy may involve the transfer of your PII to various countries around the world that may have different levels of privacy protection than your country and may be transferred outside of the European Economic Area. If there is a transfer of your PII outside the EEA we will, in the absence of an EC Adequacy decision relevant to the destination country or to the transfer, seek to rely on appropriate safeguards such as entering into appropriate EC approved standard contractual clauses (see http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/international-transfers/transfer/index_en.htm). By submitting your PII through the App, you consent, acknowledge, and agree that we may collect, use, transfer, and disclose your PII as described in this Privacy Policy.

Questions. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or concerns about the way we process your PII, please contact us at lvgrecords@gmail.com. If you wish to delete all information regarding your use of the App, please contact us at lvgrecords@gmail.com.

Your California Privacy Rights and Do Not Track Notices. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of companies who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of PII to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please fill this form or send an email to lvgrecords@gmail.com. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year.

Do Not Track Notices. You are also advised that the Company does not respond to "Do Not Track" signals.